# Dr. Reid Ystenson, Nachtwölfe Field Researcher
Originally from [[Norway]], Ystenson cannot abide the cold and was desperate to get away from his freezing homeland to somewhere he could bask in the sun. Very bright and engaging, his boyish face does work against him; few people treat him with the respect he feels he deserves because they always assume him to be much younger than his actual age
of twenty-nine.
Having trained with [[Prof. Ottilie Eshe]] (p.98) first in Germany and then Egypt, Ystenson became her star pupil and personal research assistant, travelling with her every- where she went. As the Professor’s star waxed, Ystenson became aware that his own career was not blossoming as it should and that Eshe was passing more and more of his work off as her own. He tried to stick it out for a while, in part due to her mysterious benefactors, who seemed quite willing to fund their rather more “fringe” archaeological activities, permitting them to live in relative comfort on digs and stay at a nicer class of hotel when not.
But then things changed; Eshe made it perfectly clear after one especially fractious expedition that any discoveries made by him belonged to her and her sponsors—he would have none of the glory as it was his role to serve her in gratitude for her looking after his interests for all these years. He handed in his resignation on the spot, and shortly afterwards was approached by [[Liesel Maurer]]. Maurer said everything that Ystenson wanted to hear, promising him not necessarily fame and fortune, but recognition of his talents and the backing he needed to eclipse his former mentor. Although he is not entirely sure about the role he is playing in the German war effort, his desire to best Eshe has caused him to bury his scruples deep. He dearly wants to believe in a long lost master race, he is just not sure
that he wants it to be from the frozen North. As a Norwegian citizen, Ystenson is still free to wander around Egypt, although he takes great care to attract as little attention as possible; his former association with Prof. Eshe could still cause too many questions to be asked if he upsets the wrong person and he is too smart to openly risk being thrown out of the country (and will, therefore, employ others to do his dirty work for him).

## Appearance: 
A mantle of sun-bleached blonde hair frames Ystenson’s round, slightly chubby face, which really does look far younger than it is. His slate grey eyes have a tendency to sparkle with childlike wonder whenever he finds something unusual or receives praise from someone he respects. The Norwegian’s dress sense can definitely be described as “old-fashioned” as he desperately tries to convince people that he is both serious and mature.