---
aliases:
  - Tindalosian
---
Tindalos is a nightmare city of corkscrew towers within a spacetime bubble outside of conventional time and space. Some sources claim that Tindalos exists on some distant alien world in or near a black hole, while others believe it lies in Earth’s distant past. To date, no one has traveled there and returned. All creatures from or associated with Tindalos have the following—optional—special time-space abilities.

1. Charnel Odor: all humans within 10 yards/meters must succeed with a CON roll or be incapacitated by vomiting for 1D6 rounds.
2. Hyper-Sight: able to see an area (ranging between 10 to 50 feet (3 to 15 m) as if they were in the fourth dimension— all directions, behind walls, in containers, and so on, all at once. Cannot see into magically protected areas or behind curves or spherical spaces. Such vision grants a Dodge roll no matter the direction of the attack.
3. Step-Through: as long as sharp angles are within 5 yards/ meters, can step through via hyperspace to another angle anywhere in the spacetime it currently inhabits. It takes one round to open the angle, from whence mist begins to trickle forth, and a second round to step out through the exit angle.
4. Twist Space: can ripple local space-time around its body at the cost of 5 magic points per round. Those outside this area see everything twisting and elongating in odd directions, while those inside see themselves being twisted and stretched, which provokes a Sanity roll (1/1D4 loss). To resist being incapacitated by the twisting and stretching effects for 2D6 rounds, those inside the area must make a POW or CON roll at Extreme difficulty. Those outside the radius and who are firing ranged weapons into the area must make a successful Hard Spot Hidden roll to do so; those attacking from within the radius must make a successful Extreme Spot Hidden roll; even then, ranged attacks suffer a penalty die. A character inside or outside the area of effect can negate the ranged attack penalty die with a successful Cthulhu Mythos roll (or a Hard Mathematics or Physics roll) and a sacrifice of 1 Sanity point; with a successful roll, the viewer is able to comprehend the angles of the distortion.