Ein **Dzi Stein** [[Tibet|Tibetisch]] གཟི།; Aussprache „dzi“ oder „gzi“) ist eine Art Steinperle mit unbekannter Herkunft, die als Teil einer Halskette oder eines Armbands getragen wird. Das tibetische Wort „Dzi“ bedeutet „Glanz, Helligkeit, Klarheit, Pracht“. In einigen asiatischen Kulturen, die tibetische eingeschlossen, wird den Perlen eine positive spirituelle Kraft zugeschrieben. Sie werden in der Regel als schützende Amulette getragen und manchmal in gemahlener Form in der traditionellen tibetischen Medizin verwendet.

The inscrutable [[Tsering lama, Ancient tibetan|Tsering lama]] has a further present for each of the investigators besides their new clothing: a round, unnervingly eye-like bead strung onto a strip of leather thong. The bead, known as a luk mik (goat’s eye) dzi, is made of agate and is carried by the Tibetans as a protective charm when travelling. Tsering Lama insists that wearing it will speed their journey and defend them against harm as they make their way to the Veiled Monastery (see p.124 for further details).

The luk mik dzi they are wearing will let Tsering Lama know that they are ready for him to open the gateway to [[Shigatse]] as soon as they set foot in the lake; the beads will also protect them from drowning as they submerge themselves beneath the water’s surface

Should anyone ask about the luk mik dzi, the lama explains that they have served their purpose and will only be able to act as a good luck charm for them now, if they believe in such things. He even points out that each of the beads has sustained damage of one sort or another (such as cracks or missing flakes), showing that they have protected the investigators from great harm.

Enchant Dzi Bead Traditionally worn as part of a necklace or bracelet, dzi beads (also known as Buddha’s eye beads), are made from agate and can be either etched cylindrical black or brown beads with a varying number of eyes (or other significant patterns) or natural round beads, like the luk mik (goat’s eye dzi). The number of eyes or the type of pattern is believed to affect the properties of the bead, and the luk mik is specifically used when travelling. The caster must find or prepare a suitable piece of agate ready for the enchantment, then spend a day in meditation reciting the spell over the bead. Once the chanting is complete, the caster must sacri- fice a number of drops of their own blood corresponding to the number of eyes/patterns they wish to etch into the bead, along with 1 point of POW for each eye/pattern. The blood spilled onto the bead forms itself into the required motif. The caster must also roll 1D4 Sanity loss for each eye/pattern inscribed. Blood, POW and Sanity must all still be sacrificed even for non-etched beads, like the luk mik; here, the blood seeps into the natural pattern of the bead, rather than creating it.

See Table 8 for some sample meanings; the exact in-game effects should be determined by the caster and the Keeper, and can include temporary improvements to attributes, pro- tection from certain types of harm, adjuncts for other spells, or improved luck. Each enchanted dzi bead is, therefore, likely to have a slightly different effect depending on the caster and their interpretation of the pattern’s meaning. Generally, the more eyes there are on a bead, the more powerful it is.