

Ziel:
[[Shigatse]]
Das Verschleierte Kloster

Provided the investigators agree to [[Tsering lama, Ancient tibetan|Tsering Lama’s]] strange request, preparations begin almost immediately to outfit them for the trip to [[Shigatse]] and the Veiled Monastery. The trip itself will not begin until at least three-quarters of the group are recovered from the effects of altitude sickness (p.116). Before their departure, each investigator is given a chuba (with an incredibly long, woven red belt), woollen breeches, knee-high Tibetan boots, gloves, and a fur hat. Female inves- tigators will also be offered a sleeveless, floor-length robe to go over their breeches, along with a highly coloured, striped apron (pangden). The clothing is warm and far better suited to the conditions that the investigators’ own clothes are likely to be. (For rules regarding cold hazards such as frostbite and hypothermia, see pp.305-307.) [[Tsering lama, Ancient tibetan|Tsering Lama]] also insists that the investigators take Dawa Rabten with them, both as an interpreter and guide. The boy may not have been beyond the valley much in his short life, but he knows the way they will need to go and has been taught the layout of the Veiled Monastery specifically for this day. Several other drokpas will accompany the group to their first destination, Lake Manasarovar, approximately 125 miles (200km) away as the crow flies (a trip which will take around five days of riding to complete). For those who know their geography (or who think to ask), [[Shigatse]] is over 750 miles (1200km) from Kyung Ri—a considerable trek—but the old man seems unperturbed by the distance and only smiles knowingly if the investigators express any concerns regarding the time it will take them to get there, or the apparent lack of supplies the drokpas are loading onto their shaggy little ponies.