In addition to the care listed above, there are four ways to raise an investigator’s current Sanity points.
1. Keeper award: at the end of a successful scenario or campaign chapter, Keepers may specify dice rolls to increase investigators’ current Sanity points. Keeper award rolls are the same for all participants, but are rolled individually by players. Such rewards should be proportional to the danger the group faced. However, if the investigators were cowardly, brutal or murderous, the Keeper may opt to reduce or remove the reward, especially if they wish to enforce a moral agenda.

2. Increasing a Skill to 90%: award 2D6 Sanity points when a character increases a skill to 90%. This reward represents the discipline and self-esteem gained in mastering a skill.

3. Psychotherapy: intensive psychoanalysis can return Sanity points to an investigator patient. Make a 1D100 roll against the analyst or doctor’s Psychoanalysis skill once per month. If the roll succeeds, the patient gains 1D3 Sanity points. If the roll fails, add no points. If the roll is fumbled then the patient loses 1D6 Sanity points, and treatment by that analyst concludes—there has been some sort of serious incident or dramatic setback in the therapy, and the relationship between patient and therapist has broken down beyond saving. In the game, psychoanalysis alone does not speed recovery from insanity; however, it can strengthen the investigator by increasing Sanity points, providing a larger reserve for the active days to come. Recovery is independent of Sanity points. The use of psychoanalysis is different in the game world than in the real world. In the real world, psychoanalysis will not work against the symptoms of schizophrenia, psychotic disorders, bipolar disorders (manic depression) or severe depression. Psychoanalysis is the game’s equivalent of mental first aid and is a world removed from real-life medical care for mental illness. While in game terms, temporary and indefinite insanity can be cured, permanent insanity is impervious to psycho- analysis. Participation is impossible when the investigator’s mind is in such disarray. Therapy can also be used to remove a phobias or mania. At the end of a month the analyst rolls for success in the same manner as detailed above. If successful, the investigator then makes a Sanity roll. If both rolls are successful the phobia or mania is cured and erased from the investigator’s backstory. This benefit replaces the Sanity point gain and no such points are awarded. Failure of either of the rolls bestows no benefit. Fumbling either of the rolls results in a loss of 1D6 Sanity points (as above).

### 4. Self-help: 
an investigator may choose to spend time with one thing listed in their backstory which could act as a form of psychological support; clearly this does not include phobias, manias, wounds or anything to do with the Cthulhu Mythos. This may be done during downtime between adventures or during the investigator development phase. The player should go in to some detail about what their investigator is doing to seek healing or redemption. The actions should be thematically appropriate to their backstory; perhaps the investigator is going on a religious retreat or a holiday with a loved one. The player then makes a Sanity roll. Keeper and players are encouraged to roleplay the scene to the point where it comes to a head, and then make the Sanity roll, roleplaying the outcome. If the roll is successful, the investigator gains 1D6 Sanity points. If it is unsuccessful, 1 Sanity point is lost, and the Keeper and player should revise that aspect of the investigator’s backstory in some way to reflect the failure. Thus the religious retreat might result in a complete loss of religious faith, or a family holiday might result in separation or divorce. Each investigator begins the game with one backstory entry that is especially important to them: this is their “key connection”. If the player chooses to use their investigator’s key connection, they are granted a bonus die when making their Sanity roll. In addition to the 1D6 Sanity points gained for a successful Sanity roll, the investigator will recover from any indefinite insanity. If the Sanity roll is failed, that aspect of the investigator’s backstory is revised, and that investigator no longer has a key connection. In time, the investigator may form a new key connection. During a future investigator development phase, a backstory aspect may be converted into a new key connection if the player successfully uses the “self-help” option to regain Sanity points via that connection. Alternatively, any Sanity roll of 01 (critical success) allows for the immediate nomination of a new key connection to replace the one that was lost.




Note: Current Sanity points can never increase above an investigator’s maximum Sanity (99–Cthulhu Mythos skill).



[[Call of Cthulhu Regeln Übersicht]]