Appear Human
• Cost:  5+ magic points; 1 Sanity point
• Casting time: 5+ rounds (equal to number of magic points spent)

Allows anthropomorphic creatures of average human size or smaller to appear outwardly human. While the spell is commonly known among serpent folk, its use is not exclusive to them. The spell works only on the caster (it cannot be cast on others) and generates an illusionary human APP of 3D6 × 5. Each additional magic point spent grants an additional 1D3 × 5 APP (to a maximum APP of 100). The illusion lasts for a number of hours equal to one-fifth of the caster’s POW. Each sorcerer has a unique “human” appearanceand takes the same form each time the spell is cast. Variation in the caster’s illusory APP is reflected by age and beauty: then higher the APP , the younger and more attractive. A caster can appear to be the same person, young and handsome one day, and aged and ugly the next.

The spell has drawbacks. Once the spell is cast, the Keeper rolls 1D100: if the result is greater than the caster’s remaining magic points multiplied by 5, there is some small telltale flaw in the illusion. For example, a mi-go may have a odd, buzzing voice, a serpent person may speak with a lisp, a deep one might exhibit signs of the Innsmouth Look, and so on. If injured, the caster must succeed with a POW roll, or the illusion fails and the caster’s true form is revealed (witnesses should roll for Sanity loss). Note that most creatures avoid generating too high an APP value; such beauty is beyond the norm and often brings about unwanted attention.
Alternative names: Glamour, Guile of Beauty, Cloak of the Animal.