Wary of the attention some of [[Der Kult der schwarze Sonne|Black Sun]]’s more disturbing activities might bring, Weissler informs Himmler that he needs to build a temple to the new Nazi faith, and requests that the Reichsführer purchase Wewelsburg Castle for him. A 16th Century fortification in the North Rhine region, Wewelsburg lies some 8 miles from the town of Büren. Long associated with the dark arts, Wewelsburg is used to imprison thousands of witches during the 17th Century, many of whom are tortured and executed at the site. Built on a low mound amidst rolling hills, the grounds of the original castle become the inner sanctum of the [[Schutzstaffel|SS]] and the new lair of Black Sun. Taking possession of the castle in [[1935]], Black Sun is now able to carry out their horrific rites hidden from the world, allowing Weissler to focus himself fully on the search for the key to release his grim deity.
The triangular keep has been greatly expanded since [[Der Kult der schwarze Sonne|Black Sun]]’s arrival. The site is now ringed by a concrete wall, inside which much of the old village has been flattened and replaced by barracks, workshops, laboratories, and a small airfield. Intentionally isolated, the countryside around the castle is subject to regular foot patrols and its approaches are heavily guarded, with both anti-tank and anti-aircraft artillery positioned throughout the site. The main castle is now divided into an outer ring (containing administration offices and other mundane functions) and the inner keep (comprised of three main towers, each with
a baroque domed roof).
Officially a centre of learning for [[Schutzstaffel|SS]] leadership, only the most fanatical of Himmler’s [[Schutzstaffel|SS]] attend Wewelsburg, allowing Black Sun to operate with relative freedom. While most of the surface facilities are given over to everyday research, the vaults beneath Wewelsburg are where Black Sun carries out its most horrific experiments. Here they are free to unlock the secrets the Ahnenerbe expeditions have found. Access to the vaults is heavily restricted, and only Black Sun members are permitted to pass through the great steel blast doors in the basement floors of the inner keep. Permanently under the watchful gaze of members of die Toten, Weissler’s personal guard, the vaults house an ever-ex-panding network of laboratories and offices where the most dangerous of the cult’s finds are analysed for practical use. Beneath the vaults lie several basements containing cells and holding pens for Black Sun’s test subjects - some human, some stripped of any vestiges of humanity they may once have had. A number of the cells are much larger and rein-forced with steel and concrete, ready for whatever else Black Sun might discover in their delving. While little is unearthed that can help Weissler fulfil his goal, many lesser discoveries are made and put to work beneath [[Wewelsburg]]. [[Der Kult der schwarze Sonne|Black Sun]]’s activities have done little to dissipate the building’s ghoulish reputation, and the locals in the surrounding villages whisper of the shadows hanging over the castle, barring their doors whenever the black Mercedes limousines glide to and fro. Despite the protestations of [[Mina Wolff]], [[Reinhardt Weissler|Weissler]] shows little interest in the ancient technology the expeditions are returning with, instead obsessing over every incantation and spell that they uncover in a variety of lost and blasphemous writings. While the unnatural devices are of scientific curiosity, they can not help him achieve his goal and, under his direction, most of these finds are catalogued and shut away in the vaults.
In [[1936]], Weissler’s obsessional search delivers its first real reward when an expedition to Sweden, sent to investigate petroglyphs carved into the walls of a cave near Bohuslän, reports that the language used matches the few fragments of [[Hyperborean]] runes that they have found so far. [[Reinhardt Weissler]] personally flies north to inspect the carvings before ordering the walls to be torn from the rock for study back in his personal laboratory at Wewelsburg.