Weissler, though incensed by both Mina’s betrayal and the damage to his own reputation among the Nazi elite, has been able to glean some of the secrets held on the petroglyphs.
Though the incantations to truly bring the [[Der Kult der schwarze Sonne|Black Sun]] to the world still elude him, he has discovered a way to travel to the Valley without the need to dream. In a chamber in the castle’s North Tower, a great, unique sigil of the Black Sun is constructed as a mosaic and inlaid into the solid stone floor.
At the centre of the sigil, bound by the design’s vortices, Weissler conjures a gateway that bridges the barrier between worlds, opening a permanent portal to the Dreamlands that bathes the chamber in a sickly grey light. The chamber is guarded at all times by loyal Einsatzgruppen, though they regularly change shift as prolonged proximity to the gate
causes sickness and nausea.
The passage through the gateway is initially a painful experience, but Wiligut, still at his Master’s side, develops a formula to counter the effects and binds it into rings that later become colloquially known as Totenkopfringe. These items are issued to all Black Sun personnel, and later to members of the [[Schutzstaffel|SS]] after completing three years loyal service.
Passage through the gate afflicts most travellers with a debilitating and overwhelming biliousness, unless protected from the effects by the magic of an [[Schutzstaffel|SS]]-Ehrenring (see p.186).
An investigator without such a ring must make a CON vs. 22 resistance roll or be incapacitated with nausea, vomiting, and intense muscle spasms for 1D6 rounds. Even once the attack passes, for 1D6 hours afterwards all skill checks are increased by one difficulty level as the investigator recovers (so Easy becomes Normal, and Normal becomes Difficult).
An investigator without the protection of an [[Schutzstaffel|SS]]-Ehrenring must make a Vigor (-4) roll or be incapacitated with nausea, vomiting, and intense muscle spasms for 1d6 rounds. Even after the attack has passed, an affected character suffers 1 level of Fatigue for an hour.
In early [[1938]] Weissler begins the construction of a new citadel in the Valley of the Black Sun. Wiligut, a potent dreamer, is assigned to the raising of this fortress; he is assisted by Black Sun’s growing number of dreamers, the Norn. Wiligut, through sheer force of will, creates a vast complex of towering black stone modelled on [[Wewelsburg]] but free from the restrictions of gravity and the laws of physics insisted upon by the waking world. With war in Europe looking more and more inevitable, Black Sun now has its own unassailable redoubt from which to strike, although the effort seriously weakens Wiligut’s already fragile mind.